.TH "fizsh" 1 "9 Aug 2011" "Version 1.0.2" "fizsh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fizsh - friendly interactive zshell.
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fizsh
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]... [\fIARGUMENTS\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Fizsh is a front end to zsh. Fizsh provides zsh with interactive
syntax-highlighting and a MATLAB-like history-search. Fizsh is
intended to look and feel similar to fish. A distinguishing feature
is that fizsh can handle Bourne compatible syntax. This is because
fizsh is a front end to zsh. Fish uses its own syntax.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.PP
\fB$HOME/\&.fizsh\fP\& is the directory where fizsh keeps its configuration
files. The file \fB$HOME/\&.fizsh/\&.fizshrc\fP\& serves as the user's
local startup script. Local customizations, such as aliases and functions,
can be added here. \fB$HOME/\&.fizsh/\&.fizshrc\fP\& allows the same syntax
as \fB$HOME/\&.zshrc\fP\& under zsh. \fB$HOME/\&.fizsh/\&.fizsh_history\fP\&
is default name of fizsh's history file.
.PP
The other files in \fB$HOME/\&.fizsh\fP\& are installed by
\fB/usr/\&bin/\&fizsh\fP\. In order to reinstall these files use:
\fB/usr/\&bin/\&fizsh \&-r\fP\ or \fB/usr/\&bin/\&fizsh \&--reinstall\fP\.
.PP
Compared to the default configuration of zsh, fizsh additionally sets the
options "histignorealldups", "histignorespace", "histreduceblanks",
"incappendhistory", "interactivecomments", "promptsubst", "correct" and
"nobeep".
.PP
For further configuration details consult zsh's \fIman\fR pages.
.SH INVOCATION
.PP
Fizsh is meant to be invoked without options and without
command-line arguments. 
.PP
The only supported command-line options are "--version", "--help", "--login"
"--reinstall", "-v", "-h", "-l" and "-r". "--version" or "-v" yields fizsh's
version number. "--help" or "-h" causes fizsh to print brief usage information.
"--login" or "-l" cause fizsh to be a login shell. "--reinstall" or "-r" will
reinstall some of fizsh's configuration files (see above).
.PP
If invoked with other command-line options and/or arguments fizsh will 
silently revert to zsh.
.SH BUGS
.PP
There are no known bugs at the moment. Bug reports, bug fixes and other
comments are welcome.
.SH NOTES
.PP
MATLAB is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written by Guido van Steen, based on work by the
"zsh-syntax-highlighting contributors" and the contributors to
"zsh-history-substring-search".
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fIzsh\fP(1)
\fIfish\fP(1)

